Fixed #32291 -- Added fixtures compression support to dumpdata. (#13797)
django/django: docs/ref/django-admin.txt

When this option is set and ``--verbosity`` is greater than 0 (the default), a
progress bar is shown in the terminal.

Fixtures compression
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 3.2

>     Support for fixtures compression was added.

Reviewer: We don't need this line. (We add the note for `versionchanged`.)

> 

Reviewer 2: Chop these lines.

> The output file can be compressed in one of the ``gz``, ``bz2``, ``lzma``, or

Reviewer 3: in --> into?

Reviewer 4: "The file is compressed in a format" sounds right to me, "The file is compressed into a format" doesn't. But perhaps "compressed with a format" would be better.

Author: I've updated the sentence using "with".

``xz`` formats by ending the filename with the corresponding extension.

> For example, to output the the data as a compressed JSON file::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, to output the data as a compressed JSON file::
```

    django-admin dumpdata -o mydata.json.gz

> 

Reviewer 2: Chop blank line.

When this option is set and ``--verbosity`` is greater than 0 (the default), a
progress bar is shown in the terminal.

Fixtures compression

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 4: I don't think this needs a new title?

Author: I wanted to replicate here the "Compressed fixtures" section in the `loaddata` command.

https://github.com/django/django/blob/master/docs/ref/django-admin.txt#L599

Reviewer 4: Okay fair enough!

.. versionadded:: 3.2

    Support for fixtures compression was added.

> Fixtures may be compressed in ``gz``, ``bz2``, ``lzma``, or ``xz`` format.
> For example::
> 
>     django-admin dumpdata -o mydata.json.gz
> 
> would save the serialized data compressed into a GZip archive.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The output file can be compressed in one of the ``gz``, ``bz2``, ``lzma``, ``xz``, or ``zip`` formats by ending the filename with the corresponding extension.
For example, to output the the data as a compressed JSON file::

    django-admin dumpdata -o mydata.json.gz
```

Author: Thanks for this rephrase.

> 

Reviewer 2: We can chop `versionchanged` and add `versionadded`:
```
Fixtures compression
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 3.2

Fixtures ...
```

Author: Fixed
